README.md, before:

# atom-haxe
atom.io haxe plugin, includes completion, building, error checking and more.

## Active development
Please note that this package is in active development, you're bound to find
some rough edges and pain points. Issues, feedback and suggestions are welcome.

Thanks!

## Goals

- Provide a definitive plugin for all Haxe features
- No library/framework specific code but
- Flexible to libraries/frameworks (offering completion + build provider)

## Requirements

**Haxe** is required, and can be installed from http://haxe.org

By default, the plugin will use the `haxe` executable from your path/environment,
this can be configured in the settings, but is not usually required.

**Required Atom Packages**

Install these from atom Settings -> Install

- requires `linter` package
- requires `language-haxe` package
- requires `autocomplete-plus` package

## Usage

This usage applies only if using hxml only build workflow.
If you are using a package that handles this for you (like [flow](https://github.com/snowkit/atom-flow/)) then
this does not apply, and you should read the documentation for that package.

- Right click a HXML file in the tree view
- Set as active HXML file

This will activate the hxml file, and use it for completion + builds.
You can unset the project state from the Packages -> Haxe menu.

**completion**
Completion happens as you type.
For now, you might add "dot files" to Settings -> ignored Names,
For example adding `.*` would ignore the .tmp file generated for
completion. We are working on a more flexible solution.


**linting**
Linting only happens when you save the file.

## Issues / feedback

Please file issues at https://github.com/snowkit/atom-haxe !

## Features

#### code completion
![completion](http://i.imgur.com/OzN25ii.gif)
![typedefcompletion](http://i.imgur.com/7kDqcID.gif)

#### code linting
![linting](http://i.imgur.com/okGD6Ue.gif)

#### build workflow
![building](http://i.imgur.com/3Ldo6hJ.gif)


**future features**

- code / doc hinting

## Troubleshooting

Use the Packages -> Haxe -> Menu options to open various debug views.

**general**
- Enable debug logging in the settings
- Toggle log view

**completion debugging**
- Toggle Completion Debug
    - The top area shows the queries to the completion cache server
    - The bottom area shows the server process log


## Future plans

Currently the shared IDE code is in progress. [Visit the tides repo for info.](https://github.com/snowkit/tides)
This repo will migrate to being written in Haxe and using tides, in a branch. When it's ready for testers and usage we'll let you know!

Commit message:

Update README to add some minimal informations about haxe rewrite branch

README.md, after:

# atom-haxe

atom.io haxe plugin, includes completion, building, error checking and more.

## Haxe rewrite branch

This branch is a rewrite of the plugin into haxe language. It also leverage latest
haxe compiler features to get better code completion.

Current code uses local haxelib repos based on git submodules.
The haxe project should build fine if you install dependencies with:

``git submodule update --init --recursive``

## Active development

Please note that this package is in active development, you're bound to find
some rough edges and pain points. Issues, feedback and suggestions are welcome.

Thanks!

## Goals

- Provide a definitive plugin for all Haxe features
- No library/framework specific code but
- Flexible to libraries/frameworks (offering completion + build provider)

## Requirements

**Haxe** is required, and can be installed from http://haxe.org

By default, the plugin will use the `haxe` executable from your path/environment,
this can be configured in the settings, but is not usually required.

**Required Atom Packages**

Install these from atom Settings -> Install

- requires `linter` package
- requires `language-haxe` package
- requires `autocomplete-plus` package

## Usage

This usage applies only if using hxml only build workflow.
If you are using a package that handles this for you (like [flow](https://github.com/snowkit/atom-flow/)) then
this does not apply, and you should read the documentation for that package.

- Right click a HXML file in the tree view
- Set as active HXML file

This will activate the hxml file, and use it for completion + builds.
You can unset the project state from the Packages -> Haxe menu.

**completion**
Completion happens as you type.
For now, you might add "dot files" to Settings -> ignored Names,
For example adding `.*` would ignore the .tmp file generated for
completion. We are working on a more flexible solution.


**linting**
Linting only happens when you save the file.

## Issues / feedback

Please file issues at https://github.com/snowkit/atom-haxe !

## Features

#### code completion
![completion](http://i.imgur.com/OzN25ii.gif)
![typedefcompletion](http://i.imgur.com/7kDqcID.gif)

#### code linting
![linting](http://i.imgur.com/okGD6Ue.gif)

#### build workflow
![building](http://i.imgur.com/3Ldo6hJ.gif)


**future features**

- code / doc hinting

## Troubleshooting

Use the Packages -> Haxe -> Menu options to open various debug views.

**general**
- Enable debug logging in the settings
- Toggle log view

**completion debugging**
- Toggle Completion Debug
    - The top area shows the queries to the completion cache server
    - The bottom area shows the server process log


## Future plans

Currently the shared IDE code is in progress. [Visit the tides repo for info.](https://github.com/snowkit/tides)
This repo will migrate to being written in Haxe and using tides, in a branch. When it's ready for testers and usage we'll let you know!
